fix(qec): restore and document v0.7 realtime HOST_LOOP support (#743)
NVIDIA/cudaqx: docs/sphinx/examples_rst/qec/realtime_predecoder_fpga.rst

   The following information is about a C++ demonstration that must be built
   from source and is not part of any distributed CUDA-Q QEC binaries.

.. important::

   CUDA-QX 0.7 supports the legacy ``HOST_LOOP`` implementation described in
   this guide.  The newer standalone decode-server and device-graph paths
   require the 0.16-era CUDA-Q realtime API and are not active with the

>    CUDA-Q 0.15.1 dependency pinned by CUDA-QX 0.7.

Reviewer: I think we should remove this note. These docs are intended for use with 0.7 / 0.15.1. They are not intended to preview what is coming in future versions.

Author: Fixed in e618ce26

     -DHOLOSCAN_SENSOR_BRIDGE_SOURCE_DIR=/path/to/holoscan-sensor-bridge \
     -DHOLOSCAN_SENSOR_BRIDGE_BUILD_DIR=/path/to/holoscan-sensor-bridge/build \
     -DGPU_ROCE_TRANSCEIVER_LIB=/path/to/holoscan-sensor-bridge/build/src/hololink/operators/gpu_roce_transceiver/libgpu_roce_transceiver.a \
     -DBASE_RECEIVER_OP_LIB=/path/to/holoscan-sensor-bridge/build/src/hololink/operators/libbase_receiver_op.a \
     -DHOLOLINK_CORE_LIB=/path/to/holoscan-sensor-bridge/build/src/hololink/core/libhololink_core.a \
     -DHOLOLINK_COMMON_LIB=/path/to/holoscan-sensor-bridge/build/src/hololink/common/libhololink.a \
     -DDOCA_INCLUDE_DIR=/opt/mellanox/doca/include \
     -DDOCA_VERBS_LIB=/opt/mellanox/doca/lib/$(uname -m)-linux-gnu/libdoca_verbs.so \
     -DDOCA_COMMON_LIB=/opt/mellanox/doca/lib/$(uname -m)-linux-gnu/libdoca_common.so \
     -DDOCA_GPUNETIO_LIB=/opt/mellanox/doca/lib/$(uname -m)-linux-gnu/libdoca_gpunetio.so \
     -DIBVERBS_LIB=/usr/lib/$(uname -m)-linux-gnu/libibverbs.so
   cmake --build cudaqx/build --target \
     hololink_predecoder_bridge \
     hololink_fpga_syndrome_playback \
     cudaq-qec-pymatching

.. note::

>    CUDA-QX 0.7 requires the Hololink, DOCA, TensorRT ONNX parser, and realtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   CUDA-Q QEC 0.7 requires the Hololink, DOCA, TensorRT ONNX parser, and realtime
```

Author: Fixed in f78e5d9e.
